Download Manager Test Unit (DMTU) Release Note 0.4.1
-----------------------------------

Features
-----------------------------------
* Open source application, using widely-adopted third-party components and frameworks.
* Supports multiple operating systems.
* Implemented completely in Java.
* Uses standard cross-platform build tools (Maven and Ant) to create the installation package.
* Can be installed anywhere on a user's machine and does not require root / administrator access.
* Fully autonomous download of products notified by a server which supports the ngEO interface (IICD-D-WS).
* Integrates with Product Facilities through ngEO DAGICD interface.
* Plugin system which allows users to add support for download protocols.
* Includes generic HTTP and mock Sentinel-2 plugins.
* Web interface provided to allow monitoring and managing of download activities, as well as editing of configuration data.
* A user can manually download a product, either by the Web interface or by the command line application.
* Clear activity history on completed, cancelled or failed downloads.
* Concurrent download of products.
* Integration with UM-SSO for product downloads (configurable, disabled by default).

Release History
-----------------------------------
0.4.1
    DMTU-15 - set DM_HOME automatically
    DMTU-26 - UM-SSO integration
    DMTU-18 - Provide a success message when executing the "add" command
    DMTU-42 - DMTU-REQ-9: No configuration of this plugin is possible at this time.
    DMTU-44 - DMTU-REQ-9: Proxy details are now honoured by the generic plugin.
    DMTU-76 - Include bash script for executing CLI applicaiton
    DMTU-82 - DataAccessMonitoring change readyProductsOrAll value to "READY_ACCESSED" instead of "READY"   
    DMTU-90 - Allow the use of JCL client to be configured
    DMTU-97 - Tested DMTU for Linux and make changes where required.
            - Updated default port in batch / shell script to 80. Updated installation instructions to reflect this change.
            - Included support for HTTPS (updated generic plugin)
            - Improved build process for os specific files
            - Unix installation package now built as .tar.gz
0.4.0
	DMTU-3	- Persistence of status to DB in scenarios where a download goes straight into IN_ERROR
	DMTU-11	- Remove "downloads" folder from installation package
	DMTU-6	- Propagate installation instructions to install package
	DMTU-57	- Ensure DownloadManagerSetTime is being passed through in MonitoringURL Operation
	DMTU-63	- Potential clock synchronisation issue for DownloadManagerSetTime
	DMTU-58	- Ensure DownloadManagerSetTime is being passed through in DataAccessMonitoring Operation
	DMTU-27	- Supply the download status in the CLI
	DMTU-59	- Initialise DataAcessRequestMonitoring on server startup
	DMTU-69	- Support a DAR with multiple products
	DMTU-25	- Integration with ngEO Web Server
	DMTU-10	- Increase field size for download directory on first startup and advanced config pages
	DMTU-54	- Generate unique download manager identifier
	DMTU-1	- Download appears as "running", but progress appears to be stalled
	DMTU-5	- The version number of the CLI is "FIXME_getversion"
	DMTU-24	- Update installation process - demo feedback 22nd May
	DMTU-79	- Update installation instructions to include DMTU Home Page URL
	DMTU-2	- "The file download should be completed, but there are still bytes to be read" error when downloading a product
    DMTU-29 - DMTU-REQ-23: Callback mechanism
0.3.2
	First release (limited distribution)

Requirements not currently implemented (requirement ref: DMTU-URD)
-----------------------------------

DMTU-REQ-16 - Web interface protection
DMTU-REQ-29 - Priority for manual downloads
DMTU-REQ-30 - Browser helper application

Limitations
----------------------------------

DMTU-REQ-2   -	Testing for Windows XP/Vista/8, and MacOS required. However the DMTU has been built to be flexible in deployment across multiple platforms.
DMTU-REQ-4   -	Javadoc, open source licence and validation report not available at this time.
DMTU-REQ-8   -	UM-SSO is not implemented at this time.
DMTU-REQ-8   -	"User order" not honoured in Monitoring URL operation.
DMTU-REQ-8   -	Time remaining for a product download is not specified to the Web Server at this time.
DMTU-REQ-8   -	PAUSED, CANCELLED and COMPLETED monitoring status supplied in DataAccessRequestMonitoring operation are not honoured.
DMTU-REQ-9   -	Schema handling of HTTP 403 not implemented; confirmation of schema response required.
DMTU-REQ-9   -	Handling of HTTP 303s not implemented at this time.
DMTU-REQ-9   -	Parallel downloading (multiple sources for one file in a metalink) not supported. If multiple sources are provided for a particular file, only the first is used.
DMTU-REQ-9   -	Only one file is downloaded at a time for a product.
DMTU-REQ-9   -	Downloaded Files are currently not being used by the DMTU as output to product termination log.
DMTU-REQ-11  -	Plugins are detected only on server startup. 
DMTU-REQ-11  -	Adding a plugin via a GUI is not supported.
DMTU-REQ-17  -	Changes to the number of parallel download threads will only be honoured on application restart.
DMTU-REQ-17  -	Port number for the web interface can be configured but is not honoured.
DMTU-REQ-18  -	As a result of conforming to the plugin interface, there is no provision for providing the total size of download, the number of files or the estimated time remaining.
DMTU-REQ-26  -	This setting refers to the product download threads. A product download will only download one file at time (in a metalink scenario).
DMTU-REQ-23  -  Callback mechanism supports very basic commands at present
DMTU-REQ-27  -	Download log does not supply the following information at this time:
					* Name of the Data Access Request (URL?)
					* Start date/time of first download request
					* Start date/time of actual download
					* Stop date/time of download
					* Path of the saved product if completed (not specified by plugin interface)"
DMTU-REQ-28  -	Commands "add" and "status" are the only commands available through the CLI.
DMTU-REQ-28  -	The DMTU have been started by something other than the CLI before any CLI commands can be serviced by the DMTU.
DMTU-REQ-28  -	A list of products to be downloaded via a file parameter is yet to be implemented.
             -  There is no ability to prioritise the download of a product at this time. The product downloads are handled as as queue (FIFO). 
                If any product download is paused and then resumed, the download will lose its place in the queue.
             -  DMTU only allows for integration with one ngEO Web Server
             -  Proxy details are only being honoured when use of the JCL client is enabled.
             -  UM-SSO integration has not been implemented with the ngEO Web Server at this time. 
Assumptions
-----------------------------------

*  The restriction on the number of parallel download threads refer to the product download threads, rather than individual files. 
   This is because the interfaces between the DMTU and the plugins do not allow the management of downloads at the file level.
*  If one file within a product metalink causes an error, the product download will be in error and no other files will be downloaded.
*  Every URL supplied for a file within a metalink is assumed to be available when the metalink is retrieved i.e. an HTTP 200 response code will be supplied if queried for the file size.
   Any non HTTP 200 response code will immediately set the product download in error.
*  At any one time, only one user will be performing First Startup Configuration; likewise for the Advanced Configuration.
*  If the download manager is shut down, and a product is in the process of being downloaded, the progress can be persisted but the 
   resumption of the file download depends entirely on the plugin checking the location it expects the file to be and resuming if possible.
*  If a download is cancelled, all progress is lost - the plugin will tidy up after a cancel command has been sent to it.
*  Download Options for a product URL are asummed to be provided by the Web Server within the URL itself.
*  For any product for which the download directory has been specified by the Web Server, the download directory name will not be prefixed with a ".", because it is likely that products within a DAR will share the same download directory.
   This is implied by DMTU-REQ-24.

Known Issues
-----------------------------------

DMTU-4  - Pause and resume buttons sometimes do not respond in the Web UI.
DMTU-70 - Limitation: notification of product download from WEBS not handled correctly
DMTU-16 - Cancelled products cannot be started
DMTU-80 - DAGICD: No requirement for handling HTTP 301/302 status codes
DMTU-8  - Double clicking the FirstStartupConfig page's "Save and Register" button causes a blow-up
DMTU-62 - Name of downloaded file may be poor in absence of Content-Disposition HTTP response header
DMTU-65 - Progress bar in UI can indicate less than 100% when Product Status is "Completed"
DMTU-60 - Siemens UM-SSO Java Client Library buffers whole of each HTTP response body in memory
DMTU-85 - Siemens' UM-SSO JCL version 2.1.3 fails when an attempt is made to use the HTTP HEAD method
        - As a result of the two above UM-SSO JCL issues, it is recommended to download files of no larger than 100Mb in size.
          There will also be a short delay before downloading of products.
